1:You decide to explore the forest looking for a way out and soon come across a cave. As you’re exploring the cave you hear a rumbling noise coming from the entrance. As you rush back to the entrance you find that the entrance has been blocked by a huge boulder.
You search around and find that there is no way to get out, except through the boulder covered entrance (3,4).


2:You decide to try out this new power of yours and decide to throw bombs at the trees around you. As you’re knocking down trees with explosions, you’re able to discern a cabin out in the distance and decide to go check it out. As you come upon the door, it suddenly opens and a scraggly, old, and hunched man wearing a robe and a pointy hat greets you. You ask him if he has heard any noise from the night before. He carefully looks you up and down and says, “Why yes! Last night as I was preparing my evening tea, and sitting down in front of the fireplace, I heard yelling out in the distance. It seemed as if a crowd was chasing after somebody. But I did not dare leave, it was my bedtime you see.”
“I looked out the window and saw a lot of people by a campfire hitting each other with their boots. It looked like some weird game and I dared not look any more. Eventually with the noise and the light of the campfire gone I turned in for the night. However if you’d like the campfire was over yonder.” The old man lifts his hand and points out in the distance the direction of the campfire.
The old man apologizes for not being able to offer you any more direction but invites you in for some breakfast that he has prepared. You see an odd glimmer in his eye as he offers you breakfast (11,12).


3:You decide that now is the time to use your newfound power and start to throw your bombs at the boulder. The boulder strong as it is, starts to crack little by little, and after what seems like hours, the boulder finally collapses allowing the light to shine in and a way for you to get out. You notice that it is now night, and your stomach is very grumbly from all the work. Time to search for some food. You notice the sound of running water in the distance and also the sounds of animals deeper in the forest. Should I look for food (5,6).


4:You decide against using your power and instead begin to cry out for help. After for what seems like hours of crying you find that you’re not any closer to being saved. You slowly consign yourself to this awful fate of being trapped inside the cave and wait for your time on this earth to run out. THE END.


5:Though you’ve never been a good fisherman, you think that finding food at the source of water would be better and safer than seeking out food by going deeper into the forest. After heading towards the sound of the water you find a river with a waterfall at the end. What’s more is there are deer drinking from the river water (9,10).


6:You realize that even if you found the source of the water, you’ve never been a good fisherman, so you decide to try your luck heading deeper into the forest following the sounds of the animals you’ve heard. Running towards the sound you suddenly hit against something soft and furry and get thrown back from the sheer weight of it. Thinking it’s a blanket you decide to put aside your hunger for now and cuddle up next to it. In the morning, you wake up to see a giant bear staring you in the face. Noticing that you’re not dead, but awake, the bear roars and lifts a mighty paw to swipe at you. With quick movement you’re able to jump out of the way just in time to avoid being hit (7,8).


7:What bad luck to have woken up next to a bear, you decide your only course of action is to run the heck away. You turn and start running for your life. After hearing a roar, you look back and notice the bear running after you on all fours. Man, it’s fast! When did bears get to be so fast? Have they always been this fast? Is there any way you make it out of this alive? As you think the last thought you feel a loud “Thunk” go through your body as you fall backwards, after having run into a tree. You get up and look back just in time to see the bear with it’s massive jaws coming at you. I guess you really weren’t fast enough to make it out of this alive. You then remember your bomb power, and your last thoughts are “I should’ve used my bombs!”….THE END.


8:What bad luck to have woken up next to a bear! How could you have thought that it’s fur was a blanket? The deliriousness really must have gotten to you last night. Just as the bear lifts its paw up for a second swipe you remember your bombs! Quickly pulling one out of your hand you throw it at the bear. You narrowly miss hitting it right in the chest but the explosion is enough to force it backwards! You wait for another bomb to come out as the bear gains it’s senses. Angry now the bear starts to charge at you as you throw your next bomb point blank at its head. BAM, you hear the explosion and see the smoke from the point of impact. You think this is it, when suddenly the bear pokes it’s head out from the smoke. “How did it even survive that?!?!” You think to yourself. You quickly pull out another bomb and throw it at the bear again. This time you decide not to wait and see if the bear is dead, and instead turn and start running for your life. As you run you hear water in the distance to your right. Up ahead you also see what looks to be a cabin.  You decide to go… (13,14).


9:You decide that hunting the animals is the way to go for food. However you realize that one bomb will send the rest of the animals off running so you better have good aim. You silently and slowly sneak up to the deer you see drinking from the river waters edge, near the waterfall. You figure the sound of the waterfall will mask your steps and so you sneak up closely to the water fall and… Suddenly the deer puts its head up and turns and begins to run. You quickly throw one of your bombs only to see it miss horribly and explode in the water sending the rest of the animals running off for their lives. You begin to curse your horrible luck when suddenly you see fish floating up from the water where your bomb hit. Eureka! You missed out on the animals but you can use your bombs to fish!
Later that evening you finish the last of your fish feeling satisfied from such a great meal. You settle down next to your campfire ready to turn in for the night. Suddenly you hear some loud noises off in the distance. It sounds like yelling, but also not quite like yelling. Should you head out for the sound of that noise? Or put out your campfire and make hideout you can sleep for the night? (15,16).


10:You decide against all common sense to try and mount the deer and hopefully have a new steed. You slowly sneak up around toward the deer closest to the waterfall hoping the sound of the water covers up the sound of your footsteps. As you approach the deer it looks up and it’s ears start to twitch. You stay completely still and hold your breath. Luckily the deer puts its head back into the water and you continue sneaking up towards the deer. As you get closer still you take a deep breath and hurdle yourself on its back. The deer begins to jump and shake violently desperately trying to get you off its back. You hold on for deer life but slowly feel your hands slipping. All of a sudden with a large knock, it throws you off its back and toward the water fall. You crash with a large thud into the rocks behind the waterfall and feel your consciousness begin to fade. As you sink into the water, your last thoughts are, “Why did I think that was a good idea?”….THE END


11:Accepting the old man’s offer you head into the cabin hearing the door shut tightly behind you. As you walk down the hall you notice statues on either side with lifelike faces. It is uncanny how much they resemble real humans, and their expressions are so real. They seem to stare at you with eyes of horror.
As you make your way into the kitchen you look back and realize that the old man is no longer following you. You begin to hear a cackle and notice all the light in the cabin disappear. In the pitch blackness you begin to feel dizzy, and after a moment fall fading into unconsciousness. In the last moments, you hear “Why, you’ll make a great new statue!” Your consciousness fades, and you give in to the void that awaits… THE END.


12:After thanking the odd old man for his offer you quickly rush off towards the location pointed out to you upon arriving at the spot, you notice smoke rising from the spot the campfire was made. The campfire must have recently been put out. You rummage around the campsite looking for any clues to where the campers may have gone.
Suddenly, you hear a woosh and see an arrow stuck in a tree only a few yards away from where you’re standing. You feel a prick on your nose, and without thinking duck and roll backwards as another arrow whooshes past where you were standing only moments ago.
With barely a moment to stand, you see a man jump out of the bushes and rush towards you, daggers in each hand. Raising your hands to block this man’s attack you see him stop, his eyes growing wide.
“<Name>?” he says sounding surprised. “<Name>?!?!?” Says the other voice coming from another man who jumps out of the bushes holding a bow. “It is you!” says the first man dropping his weapons and embracing you in a hug. Trying to pull away I look at them confused and ask what they’re talking about. “You are <Name> aren’t you?” says the second man, now putting his bow away. I explain to them that I have no idea who I am, having just woken up this morning, not knowing who I was, where I was, or who they were. 
Looking sad, the one in front explained that they had a younger sister, who was kidnapped in the night, about a month ago. He also explained that they had an older sibling who after drinking a magical potion, was blessed with the power to grow bombs out of their hand. Armed with this power, the older sibling set off alone to search for their sister.
Astonished I showed them my power and realized I must be the older sibling they spoke of. I told them how I woke up that morning with a massive headache not able to remember anything, and they told me about how after two weeks of me being gone they decided to come look for both me and our younger sister. They introduced themselves as Oliveras (the one with the daggers) and Enzonias (the one with the bow).
After some discussion, we decided that it would be best to put aside my amnesia for now and search for our missing sister, Noraliah
We decide to head… (19,20). 


13:Running towards the sound of the water seems like the better idea, and you run to your right as quickly as you can. You continue throwing bombs behind you for good measure. You finally come upon a great big river flowing down. You figure that you can swim against the raging current and quickly jump in. As soon as you jump in you feel the current start to pull you downwards towards what looks like a waterfall. You swim as fast as you can to try and reach the other side, but to no avail you get swept towards the waterfall and… well you can probably assume what happens. This isn’t no Disney movie after all…. THE END


14:Deciding you’ll have better luck at the cabin, you quickly head off towards the cabin. As you arrive at the Cabin, you notice it gives you an eerie feeling. Despite this you decide to knock on the cabin door. You knock and knock, but hear nothing, when suddenly you hear a roar close by. The bear! It must have found you. You try the doorknob on the cabin door realizing it’s unlocked.
You step inside and begin to smell something delicious coming from down the hall. Whoever lives here has a great sense of taste. You begin to make your way down the hall when you notice statues on either side of the hall way. You look to either side only to see lifelike statues of humans each of their faces showing terror. As soon as you notice the statues the entire cabin goes black. You begin to fell dizzy and your conscious begins to fade. The last thing you hear before it all goes dark is.. “My, my, my, what an interesting statue you will make!”…. THE END


15:You decide there’s nothing for it but to head out towards the sound of the yelling. As you weave through the trees towards the noise, you notice the moon shining high above you now. It must be very late, midnight or later. You follow the light of the moon carefully and quickly towards the noises. You eventually come across what seems to be a campsite, however there is no fire.
Hiding behind a tree, you slowly pull your head out in order to examine the camp. You see three large shadows laying on the ground with very big wooden clubs next to them. Over on the far end you see what looks to be a cage with a slumped figure. The figure sobs silently, but you can hear the sobs distinctly. It is a female you realize. Next to the cage, you see another large figure sitting down. It turns towards the cage and speaks something incomprehensible to the woman. The woman then falls silent. Something needs to be done, but what? At your feet you notice some stones that you could throw in order to distract the figure next to the cage. (17,18).


16:You decide that for your own safety it’s best not to follow the yelling. However, it’s also probably not wise to stay here with the fire burning. You quickly put out the fire and throw dirt on it so as to hide from whoever may come by. You then travel a little into the woods until you find a boulder. You dig up the far end of it creating a crevice that you can hide in. Your eyes begin to feel heavy and you eventually fall asleep.
You awaken suddenly to hear the crunching of leaves around you. Suddenly the crunching stops. You look up and see a long shadow of a person standing over you. Before you have time to react you see flame come out of the shadow right at you. Just like that the flame of life is snuffed. What bad luck… THE END.


17:Deciding to toss discretion to the wind you pull out a bomb from your hand and toss it towards the cage guard. The explosion causes the three large shadows to awake suddenly, and grab their clubs. They run towards the guard to find him dazed on the ground. You see this as an opportunity and run in yelling as loud as you can. They turn just in time to see a bomb come at them and explode. You see the three figures fall back and hear a loud gasp come from the cage. You run towards the cage and are able to see the woman stand up eyes terrified. You assure her that everything will be okay, and ask her, her name. She gasps and points behind you, and you turn just in time to see one of the figures stagger up raising its giant club in the air.
You roll and dodge its mighty swing just in time, narrowly avoiding becoming mashed human. You pull out another bomb and throw it at the figure only to see him swing his club and bang; he slams his club into the bomb shooting it back at you.
You only have a split second to feel astonished before.. Boom! The bomb explodes knocking you back into the tree. Feeling the wind come out of you, you stumble into the ground. Looking up and struggling to pull another bomb out of your hand you see the four huge figures inch towards you in the moonlight. Each of their hands clutching their giant clubs. With a nasty roar, the figure lifts its club into the air and the last thing you remember hearing is the terrified scream of the woman in the cage… THE END


18:I quickly realize that if I were to throw a bomb at the guard of the cage, it would not likely be enough to kill him, and it would awaken the other three. I highly doubt that I’d be able to take on all 4 of them at once, even with my power. With this in mind I turn to the pebbles on the ground and pick up a handful. I toss one towards the far side of the camp away from the cage and away from me.
The guard lifts its head up and heads towards the sound of the noise. I then throw another pebble closer to my side hoping to lure the figure towards me. It works and the figure starts to run towards my direction. Luckily, it’s not enough to wake up his associates.
As he runs towards me, I see a huge rock near me. I could use it to knock him out. Then again at this distance I could also try my bombs, but I’d have to be ready for a fight. (21,22).


19:Deciding that heading west towards the river is our best course of action, my newfound siblings and I rush towards the sound of water hoping to make it there by sundown. As the sun starts to set we make it to the river and notice just how wide it is. With the water moving ever so rapidly, we decide it best not to cross at this time and make up camp. In the light of the camp fire my brothers tell me about our childhood, our parents, our home, and our sister. I feel something start to jog my memory and slowly begin to remember bits and pieces of my past. As the moon comes up we turn in for the night. TO BE CONTINUED


20:We decide to head back towards the cabin hoping that the old man who lives there can offer us some more help. As we approach the cabin, I feel a chill go down my spine. Something feels oddly different about the cabin this time. Nevertheless, we proceed to knock on the door. After having no answer, we cautiously open the door only to find the cabin completely dark. We enter into the cabin regardless, and immediately I feel a choking sensation. Turning to my brothers they struggle for breath, and then fall still. As terror enters my eyes, I can hear a voice say, “You should never have come back here. However, I’m a reasonable host, you three will have the honor of being statues in my living space. I can’t let such interesting people go to waste!” Everything then falls still…. THE END.


21:I decide to stay stealthy and knock out the figure with the rock as it closes in on me. I luckily smash it right on its head and it falls over, unconscious. As I examine this creature up close it seems to look as if it’s made of rock. However its head unprotected, no wonder I was able to knock it out so easily. I bend over and notice it has a key attached to its waist, and I grab it and quickly run over to the caged female. She looks up at me and in the moonlight I notice her eyes go wide. “<Name>??” she calls out silently. I respond by telling her I have no idea what my name is and proceed to unlock her cage. We quickly escape into the moonlight leaving behind the camp of rocklike figures. TO BE CONTINUED…


22:Deciding that bombs are the way to go I pull one out and chuck it at the large figure. With it this close I can see that it looks like it’s made of rock. The bomb hits it square in the head and it staggers backwards letting out a gut-wrenching roar. I really must have hurt it. However, thanks to its roar, the other 3 sleeping in the middle woke up and started to run at me with their big clubs in their hands I began to regret my decision of using my bombs. It was well fought, but 4 against 1 was just too much for me. Eventually I succumbed to their clubs and that was that…THE END.


